Okay,
guys,
we're progressing nicely now.
You may have noticed that all of our columns across the top here are all the same wits on
this with this perfectly fine when we look at words like item Monday,
Tuesday,
Friday and total because the words of fully visible Thursday just about scraping through
Wednesday completely hopeless because we've chopped off the last two letters.
Now we have a couple of ways of re sizing the columns.
One method would be to hover over the letter right click with the old house,
come down and choose column width,
and we can see that at the current column with this 8.43 If we were to just type 15 over,
that should be roughly twice as big on we can hit,
enter and they go.
All of column D is no being resized.
That looks much better,
but perhaps in their looks at just a little bit too white Now,
luckily,
Excel has a built in feature that makes this very simple to do for you.
Currently,
if we because Wednesday looks too wide.
If we hover between columns D and E.
Until the cursor changes to this symbol here double click with your left mouse button.
Excel will look down the whole of Colin D and automatically resize to the most appropriate
width.
Okay,
so that's how you do.
One column.
It's time.
If you want to do two or three columns,
just literally left.
Click on the column heading.
Move over as many columns as you want to go.
Double click between any of these column letters,
and you can see that all of those columns have never been automatically re sized.
Okay,
so far,
so good.
There may be that you actually wants all of your columns to be the same wits,
but larger than the standard with which was 8.43 And the easy way to do that is to well,
first,
let's pick our widest column,
which is Wednesday.
We can right click,
choose column widths and see that we know a 10.86 Let's call it 11.
We can highlight columns,
a left clicking and dragging over two column G right click on any of the column Laissus
choose format wits column width.
Rather,
type 11 hits ends at they go now.
All of our columns automatically size to 11 and that looks much better.
So it's a personal choice thing,
whether you on your columns to be all a uniform size.
If you do,
just highlight all the columns.
Choose the column with that Smith most appropriate or alternatively,
if you want to have them size based on the wildest data that's in any particular Cullen,
you can just highlight all the columns and double click.
Or alternatively,
you can just click this let layer of the corner here on left click,
and that will highlight the entire worksheet.
And then again,
just double click between any of the column letters.
Onda Uh,
and everything is automatically resize for you.
It works exactly the same way with Rose.
That won't be visible at the moment because all of the data now rose looks pretty much OK.
Is it is.
It's exactly the same process toe.
Also the row height.
Just right.
Click on the number.
Come down,
choose row height.
Andi,
repeat the same process they go.
That almost looks really good,
but it looks a little odd because of out my fruit and Benschop title automatically.
Column A is being resized to fit my fruit and veg shop but we have a very clever way of
getting rid of that problem,
too,
which will come to in the next lecture.